As the tension in the room reached a fever pitch, a sudden movement caught Albino's attention. Before he could blink, a glint of metal flashed through the air as a knife hurtled towards him. With lightning reflexes, Albino snatched the blade out of the air, his grip firm and unwavering as he turned to face the source of the attack.

The researcher who had thrown the knife stood frozen in place, his face a mask of terror as he realized the gravity of his actions. But before anyone could think twice, the man's trembling hand emerged from beneath his suit jacket, brandishing a sleek Desert Eagle. In a desperate bid to defend himself, he aimed the weapon at Albino and pulled the trigger.

Time seemed to slow to a crawl as the bullet streaked through the air, hurtling towards Albino with deadly intent. But Albino was already in motion, his mind working with split-second precision as he assessed the threat that was currently flying mere feet away from his head. With a deft flick of his wrist, he expertly maneuvered the knife he had caught, slicing through the air with razor-sharp accuracy.

The bullet met the blade with a resounding clang, the metal ringing out in protest as it was cleaved cleanly in two. Albino stood unscathed, a smirk playing on his lips as he regarded the stunned researcher before him.

"Tsk, tsk," Albino chided mockingly, his voice dripping with disdain. "What did I tell you? You really should have taken my advice."

The researcher's eyes widened in disbelief, his grip on the Desert Eagle faltering as he struggled to comprehend what had just transpired. But Albino showed no mercy, his gaze hardening as he continued to address the trembling man.

"In case you haven't noticed, I'm not someone you want to mess with," Albino declared, his tone laced with a dangerous edge. "Believe me, in my current state, I could throw a goddamn Abrams tank like a scotsman tossing a caber at the Highland Games. As a matter of fact, I have. If I decided to throw that knife or the bullet back with comparable force, it wouldn't end well for you."

Despite the fear coursing through his veins, the researcher found himself unable to tear his gaze away from Albino's imposing figure. But to his astonishment, Albino made no move to retaliate, his demeanor strangely calm and composed.

"Consider yourself lucky," Albino remarked, a hint of amusement dancing in his eyes. "I'm feeling merciful for the time being. And I must admit, I do rather fancy your Deagle."

With a casual flick of his wrist, Albino tossed the knife back to its owner, the blade embedding itself in the floor at the man's feet.
